---
layout: post
title:  "Supervisor Meeting - 29/02/2016"
date:   2016-02-29 17:35:31
categories: meetingnotes
---

Sixteenth supervisor meeting of the Michaelmas Term. _Will Jones and Dr Steven Bradley_

>Progress
>---
* Define textual language or defining
	* rhythmic motifs (include repeats, waiting for swipes)
	* note motifs
	* sample motifs
	* instrument choice
* Bit on continuous gestures

>Targets for next time
>---
* Try a file for chords, one for rhythm etc allowing references between lines
* More on continuous gestures
* Presentation structure (titles of slides?)
* Include events in event table for future re-evaluation

>Issues
>---
* Zonal gestures
* Gestures for recording samples
* Programming replay of samples
* Gestures for replay of samples?
* Experiment to identify a vocabulary of gestures?
* Re-evaluation during performance
* Rendering swing: could be a ratio which was used by SC to render quavers (only)

>Deadlines
>---
* Presentation Monday 14th March

>Next meeting
>---
* 3.00 Monday 7th March