---
layout: post
title:  "Supervisor Meeting - 07/03/2016"
date:   2016-03-07 16:41:02
categories: meetingnotes
---

Seventeenth supervisor meeting of the Michaelmas Term. _Will Jones and Dr Steven Bradley_

>Progress
>---
* Continuous gestures mapped to audio volume in SC
* Looked at parser: antler is a bit complicated. Writing parser by hand now.
* Presentation structure (titles of slides?)

>Targets for next time
>---
* Apply parser to file for chords, one for rhythm etc allowing references between lines
* Include events in event table for future re-evaluation once parser is sorted
* Calibration for stage quadrants: save in file

>Issues
>---
* Gestures for recording samples
* Programming replay of samples
* Gestures for replay of samples?
* Re-evaluation during performance
* Rendering swing: could be a ratio which was used by SC to render quavers (only)

>Deadlines
>---
* Presentation Monday 14th March

>Next meeting
>---
* After presentation 3.00 Monday 14th March